we have here and in which the bun has
spoken
[Music]
Good afternoon Mr. Enrique
Garcia YouTube how are you good I don't see you
she doesn't see me it's not that you don't see me
but you hear me no yes yes I hear you what's
going on and not for nothing here and here and I don't
even know why I come what a pleasure to have you
here for whatever you want me for whatever
you want ah well that's fine fine has
been watching
Jorge's response to Rocío Flores to Rocío Flores
to La Marea Azul Antonio David well he
goes on at length
we haven't seen that part yes man the
pond said it the pond that today is
this one that yes yes today today it has been it has been
all at the same moment what's happening that he
throws at them here by extract you will have
seen it by touch on twitter or even
on telecinco point several
extracts have been taken and he has gone on at length in
fact he has said the penalty will be an idol with
feet of clay
well then that he is nobody that he was a
false idol I don't know  he didn't want it only
with feet of clay an idol in the penna
is an idol with feet of clay
the master has also reacted taken by
twitter finally to the band Jorge Javier
that there was a little bit of everything there has been a
little bit of everything that for nothing he has said he
has said again what about the blue pond and
such
52 I'm going to see I'm going to put it live because I
don't see you it's that of course son it's that
the live is all about carving of
call or is it like that but listen to me look it's
very good that's how it was fixed if they entered
yesterday car and enrique the glove I
liked I lie very
well that you see in inia it offers
ninja kung fu panda' download it search
on google or see it in india kung fu panda
and you download it how good listen to me
ricky we are already preparing a possible
bomb what happens is that we were there
right Enrique let's
see my perception but in mine I don't
know if I passed it to you and I don't know if it's
yours too but I don't know what I took is that I have
been with my car convinced for two years what
happens is that it is something  that I
couldn't pull the thread more than a
possible assumption have family do you
remember street I told you that the director
of the socialite Javier de Hoyos who
allows himself on his program and they make fun of
the youtubers as if we were - no
Enrique as if this were not a means
of communication a job called
work, it's more complicated for me theirs no
man has made that the link from there to
dedicate enough to it right now it has been done it's
not come on he arrived and took out whatever
man there is yes but no no no no of
all time there are also
some who are lucky that the
dialogue option dedicate a speech to it
but but but listen that happens on
television no wait there
yes
hello Javi I'm from the youth but
these topics also interest me handsome
ps in the lollipop you can make a
criticism of cash the secret store and another
for delivering it at your usual height or
enrich each time thanks to ether your
usual or that credit
no but well I have seen something that they are getting
wet from a kid that a
broth something no it is not something like that but in
passing I do not know much more and it is that it occurs to
me  There are things left behind, I can't keep up
with so much Vélez stuff, thank you very much, I
'm not watching it and I'm not talking
about it, the truth is that the Julia thing has
totally gone unnoticed, I mean, I have to
watch something in its entirety
calmly to take notes in case I happen to you,
but the thing with Julian hasn't been
successful at all,
but in the end, it's just one chapter and that's it,
nobody else has found out,
look at how interested that
nobody has mentioned me on my social
networks because of Nora, vaginally
absolute, I mean, I just found out here
in the first episode and I don't find out
anything, no, no, people, people from
us saying, well, come on, to others, to the CEO,
another anime,
surveys, but it was what I had told you,
that we are going to see something that was already
crushed, that they had even taken out on
antenna 3, lasexta, that they had done a
super good research team to
throw everything at it chronologically, what more were they going to take
out, that now she's going despotic, of
her to earn a few euros, well, there is
the only one
for everything, Vélez, who is greeting me at
all  the world give you to know if
people love you men that if it had been
her who feels the
best she had more if man is she
more in control h she does have cache
evidently or could be more liked - will fall
well
bad but well she does have that
prestige then the ones from Big Brother is
that we have not seen absolutely anything
zero nothing news that I am
subscribed to several things like that on Instagram
and I see like this piece like the one I
told you that there is a quick bald boy I do
n't know and that they kind of make fun of him but he
doesn't even get to see him for real
and then
he
well I don't know if it's that chamoy thing or I'm
going to see it because I have it on my TV
but I know that now it's going to end and
directly the arena is waiting for me to
see it they
don't have it you have it on my TV because I'm
going to watch it on my TV right because today
is part of course with this morning I think okay well
enriquillo we are investigating
because
everything points everything points to that well the
director of socialite because
yesterday's live is not surpassed Javier today
that is they are making fun of now the
TV many of the youtubers these people do
not  and looking down on not playing to
play the televisions not one the
televisions because the director Javier of
today has tried to be YouTube and Amanda
tried with various themes with a
lot of things and it hasn't gone very well
yesterday I was showing that suddenly there
was a peak that Enrique already told me
this morning that the peak could come from
his kilos and that helps and if that came from
there and I think that I don't
think it wasn't bought because I
followed him at the time it was like progressive, that is to
say he released several videos that
went viral, I was aware that
apparently there was a
certain fan of Hook and those who
began to retweet it and that's how it
grew like foam but it's that he retired
everyone that the one who commits Jubilo and does
well with two or three videos that is that
light really
if
what he did so that people
understand is more or less like what
you do
because they are news videos what he
did is not said he makes it look like doing
news videos like with a
323 minute camera and some others from some
click talking about what has happened but
of youtubers I
try to do it I think with the TV
but in a plan with operation programs
as well as no pressure triumphs went
quite well
and in the end the glasses
[Music] it
could have been because I was
overwhelmed I mean it happened from a kiss
and it went from what you and I have more or less
between Arceo TVs and mine more or
less they have almost the same it went to one
hundred thousand in a matter of life but
the plate hadn't arrived yet and it
already had 200,000 he told us this is
incredible I know he has a lot of fans
but it
's true what you said the other day
that it doesn't add up to me it's lazy thanks
for member
the visits he's having now he doesn't
have more subscribers than me on the
main one he has 450,000 eyes like that and the
visits are 5,000 well
1800 but well he hasn't played on
YouTube YouTube YouTube of course
YouTube since well I don't know since what
date we have to see the oldest video
I remember seeing it a lot
he noticed on Telecinco before him he was in he
was in a you know I feel one  more
with what will chain but it was not a
major chain and I
know it from seeing it on youtube to see an
older script that says criticism
inside out inside out the movie inside
out will sound familiar to you so you like the theme
of trying not to sit down sometimes and
put the country but well six years ago
six years ago the oldest video is okay so
something that is uploading has been around for
years an idol of always like me I
have three hypotheses and I have seen
because the fish birds I know that also
seeks fame you were looking for it because the
guy
in all the challenges maybe he
will try to grab on to the controversies of
the youtubers too until he found
the hockey one which was the one that went
quite well for him and the thing is that even if it goes
quite well you always have subscribers in a
month you don't have to
put in 12 years and for me there are topics that have
made me hit hard but you
have 100,000 in the media and they don't have them
yet if in a month it wasn't brutal it is
too much, it hadn't reached the plate
of 2 100 thousand and it had fit the
200,000 would show up for all
the paper challenges, for example win
michu did a challenge that I don't remember that
alcaraz in the challenge some kind of [ __ ] a
ridiculous one for the kids like dance to
his music or watch his 10 hour live show he's
not going to be able to some kind of thing and he
did it with his mother and he appeared in a
weybridge video too and then whitby chus
thanks for having me in your videos
the guy is totally looking for fame he's totally looking for followers
and now he goes and makes fun of
antonio to long live youtube well what we
think what we are suspecting
enriquillo this is not confirmed
of course these are suspicions this
only and look enrique so
sane what I told you the other day
cuadros vivos that it was very strange the
main channel that suddenly maybe I would
look at it and put in an option of
subscribers
minutes for this one because I just
bought it live hey check it out don't get
married to the south and there are 150 subscribers who
have subscribed to this live  when or
so they were subscribed but the
skills had not removed the
subscriptions to YouTube that wants to
screw me wants to throw me well well the
liquid we suspect that there is a channel
that could also be Javier de Hoyo's
and that he would be
unfair competition to his own television network
because he does like our topics of
course this channel has left me some
comments sometimes and I believe in some
video now that I realize the lollipop yes
true because I took some images I have not
taken some images of him and today a
video and I answered him I answered him
also in allusion he says is that image
familiar to me and I say look strange to me
the ones you guys get about me also sound familiar
because I had scoops that weren't
on the internet because they gave them to me in the
temptations and you know
relatives of some of the
temptations who live nearby gave me
information they gave me advance information
that was not even admitted from the
club because that had already been filmed and I
knew it for a month before yeah and I I
was releasing them and after a while well
this channel released it no then
something that  it's on the internet that
only I knew that I had only broadcast it
on YouTube and that
they put it out then I also wanted to
give a sack to the one who
inherited them you don't give it
credit or nano in plane it said Enrique
as of them as Maria
Patiño did and the other day with actions by
the way but let's see I'm going to put
the voice of this Javier from today or it's
in a video
and we're going to compare it with the one from the channel
that we believe is okay attentive
[Music]
why for
another week the decisions of the jury are once again
giving something to talk about and not
exactly for the better because on this
occasion the truly striking thing was going to
be their tug on the ears of the girl who was
asked to leave her
comfort zone while shortly after they
gave her their ears
no one responded timidly that she is not
in her comfort zone and it seems
that the demands are not the same
for everyone the reality is that
someone
saw on both channels on both
channels if you notice you talk about the same thing
or you don't care the problem with you does not
have to  Spanish television with
which there is no problem but
that's as if I do another channel that I
worked for Telecinco, I
can't talk about Telecinco, there are things about Telecinco that are
starting to become very fashionable, I start
to comment on things about Telecinco and every time I
go to comment on something about Telecinco,
well for this channel for
which we are talking about the channel that we
are talking about that we have not named
yet, instead of using my
normal voice because it would be recognizable, I
force it a little more and I give the news
a little so more or less it is more or
less what it seems to me that Vio has done.
Also, it seems that he takes it with someone
sometimes to record the audio and another time a
woman knows then it
would be great man if we continued let's
try to keep pulling the thread okay
family and if we manage to confirm it
then we will make the glasses more
properly Enrique, a pleasure and I have
nothing, thank you very much and thrashed okay goddess keep
working everyone
subscribe if you aren't to
Enrique Garcia's YouTube channel and endika
the sky to be  2.0 thank you all very much
[Music]